aar rnsrnurr. 15

to be an intent activity in setting lorward the
adration and perfectiori of the souls ol rhen?
For the better qualification 'of those who engage
to enter it for that purpose, the three vows of
obediencc, pooerty, and chostity, are imposed.³
ln reference to· individuale, that of poverty' is
made in the strictest sense of the word; for the
possessions of the candidates leave them as eatam
attho very entrance; and they are received with-
out the power of retaining the smallest pittancc
for their support. Every House pf Probotion is
a branch of 'one of the society’s colleges,⁴ and
endowed with revenues for the maintenance of
scholars in their progress towards profession.
These revenues cannot be applied to any other
use, and are at the disposal of the General, or
of the rectors appointed by him to superintend
their expenditure.⁶

The lesuita who have passed to the most secret
mysteries of the Order, are distinguished bythe
appellation of “ tlte Prcffessecl Society.”⁶ Besides
the three simple vows of obedienoe, poverty, and
chastity, they are compelled to take the fourth
aad persultat· coro, by which they bind themselves

²Examen Generale constitutionum cum Declarationi-
bus‚12 52.

³1bid. §3.

⁴Ibid. 54. andB.

⁶Conetitutiones cum Decloretionibrn, PlV. ott. 55. C.

θ1555555555.

 

