6 ' nan cousrrrumous or ·

4 Itis needful that the person having the power of admission, and
the person whose assistance he uses, should each have a know·
ledgc of the interests of the Society, and a zeal for its pros-
perity; so that he may be turned by no consideration from that
which he shall judge most conducive in the Lord to the service
of God in this Society; to promote which, it is meet that he be
not too eager to grant admission. And that he be less liable to
any irregular motive, in cases where temptatiou may occur (as
with kinsmen and with friends) let no man discharge the duty of
examination, in whom any danger of this sort may be appre-
hended.

5 But whoever fulfils this office should have everything which
appertains to it set forth in writing; whereby he may more
perfectly and surely do that which is demanded of him iu this
respect for God's service.

OF SUCH AS Mar BE ADMITTED ῙΝΤΟ THE soclwrr.

CHAP. II.

1 Sesamus generally of those to be admitted; their fitness isin
proportion to the extent to which they are endowed with both
natural and acquired gifts of God, calculated to piomote His
service according to the purpose of the Society ; and also to the
certainty of the probation to which they have been subjected.

2 To speak particularly; let those who are admitted to be Co-
adjntors, to conduct the temporal and external affairs, (who
should not be more numerous than is necessary, to aid 'the
Society in such things as the others cannot be employed upon
without the neglect of more important interests) be men (as
touching the soul) of good conscience, sedate, tractable, lovers
of virtue and perfectiori, given to devotion; men, in their
domestic and external conduct, of odifying habits3 who, con-
tented with the part of Martha in the Society, and well affected
towards its Institute, desire to serve it for the glory of God.

ans touching extemals3 they must be gifted with a comely
presence, health‚ youth, and energies to sustain their bodily
labours in the Society; aud apparently having, or likely to have,
some talent for its service.

4Considering the end of our Instituta, and our plau of con-
duct, we persuade ourselves iu the Lord, that it is by no

 

